Nhuan and Nhu, wake up!
That's your alarm.
Get up!
- Mom!
- I'm up!
I did it myself.
Damn you Nhuan!
Your fart stinks!
- Everything you do is annoying.
- Nhuan!
Pay me back the 10 bucks.
After I poop.
Flush it thoroughly or you'll know
how your life goes if it stinks.
- Good morning grandma.
- Hello!
Get up!
- Get up!
- It's the weekend.
Who says you can sleep in
on the weekend?
How can a lady
leave her toe nails like that?
People would judge your family ethics
by these nails.
A sloppy lady can't be a good one.
Get up.
- What the heck?
- Get up!
I'm up! I'm up up up!
- I'm up.
- Get up now.
I'm up!
Why do you keep expanding your mess?
How disgusting this is!
Stop spending time on these
useless things.
If you piss me off
I'll smash everything.
Dress shirts stay with dress shirts.
T-shirts stay with T-shirts.
You have to separate them.
But why? They're just clothes,
just mix them up.
Do you eat rice mixed with bran,
as they're from the same plant?
Okay, you're the boss.
You have to fold your underwear neatly.
What for? Gotta spread them
to wear them anyway.
Then spread when you do wear them.
If you keep talking like that
I'll spread your face.
Give me the receipt for the tuition.
In the basket.
- What basket?
- The hamper basket on the desk.
- I threw it out.
- Why did you throw my stuff out?
It looks ugly.
It's ugly just to you. I put all my
receipts in there.
Why would you put it there but
not your drawers?
I can put it wherever I want.
Why did you have to throw it out?
Stop explaining, just pick it up for me.
Here's the receipt.
Don't throw it out again.
Do the same to me next time
so I won't ask.
Where is all my stuff?
I put them in the drawers.
Why did you move them from the desk?
What are the drawers for if you
keep putting things on the desk?
I put them there for my convenience.
Take things out from the drawers
when you need them.
That's convenient too.
Sure, you're the boss.
What are you doing?
That's what I wanna ask you.
Why do you keep men in your room?
What men?
Those are photos.
You think they're not "men" enough?
What about when you're changing?
Can't you see they're looking at you?
No point in being grumpy.
Come and help me.
Wow!
Do not put lipstick on.
I forgot to tell you.
Hey sisters, come and join my stream.
Just leave your phone number,
and give me a share.
I mean share my livestream,
what share do you think I was
talking about?
Thai cream!
It's all for your beauty.
Usually this jar costs 70 bucks,
but it's on sale for 7 bucks today.
Let me show you! See!
Delicious? I told you
it's all for your beauty,
this is not for business.
My whole family has extremely bright skin.
All the biatch from grandma to me.
Oops that was disrespectful!
The texture of other sellers
are like sugarcane juice.
Look at mine! Just like cream cheese!
Nhuan!
Nhuan, I need to borrow your arm.
- What?
- Give me your arm.
I have a tester for you guys.
My husband! Hurry up!
Your arm!
Here, look at this.
I'll test for you guys.
Oh so so smooth! I put Gucci smell
in so it smells fantastic.
Why does it stink?
I've been cleaning the crabs.
You're trying to sabotage me, aren't you?
Your other arm.
Here, have a look.
This is the original ox-like skin tone.
This is what my cream did to him.
For real though!
What more do you ask for?
He's normal, just looks a bit
ridiculous when he does this...
Oh for God's sake! Go away!
Bye bye bye bye.
Chubby Piggy.
Don't yell at him, poor him.
Oh girl even that couldn't
get through to him.
He only has to give his arms while I'm
streaming and he can't even do that.
Live with my husband for a day, you'll see.
Really though!
Nhi are you up yet? Come give me a hand.
Yes mom!
Where are you?
Right here!
I woke you up to help me,
not for you to play with the ceramic.
- What do you need?
- Peel the crabs.
Peeling crab is way too mundane
for a university student.
Does your degree make more money than I do?
Why did you make me get it then?
Well if you're too good for crab noodles
then go work at a bank. Stop talking back!
Peel them and bring them downstairs.
Nhuan, take the soup down for me.
Nhuan, where are you?
- Grab the deep-fried onion for me.
- Okay.
Whatever you do, give her a hand,
or she'll yell at me again.
Boiling soup!
Guys, put some chopsticks on the tables.
Hurry up, you guys are so slow.
I don't get it!
Boiling soup! Boiling soup!
Watch out!
Ladies and gentlement, 15 bucks for
a bowl of crab noodles.
Can you believe that?
It's the truth.
I'm Le Minh Ho, and I'm standing at
Mrs. Nu's crab noodles restaurant,
a very well-known place in Thu Duc area.
The place is busy,
and the owner is sassy.
Don't want crab? Bye!
Boiling soup everyone!
Let's discover
what makes these crabs
as precious as crowns.
Let's go inside!
Come on!
Get out of the way dude, what nonsense
are you talking about?
I'm a Youtuber, I'm promoting
your restaurant.
What is promoting? Line up if
you want food.
I am lining up, there's my sandals.
See?
I'm serious with this.
I know the rules well.
Nhuan, go set up the tables.
Okay, so I'm still not in yet.
The sandals were not accepted.
But it's fine. We'll start it over.
- Should I put the aces here?
- Better move them down here.
You have no ideas where
it should be put. Move.
People come here for
the taste of the crab noodles.
The other part is for
the taste of the owner's daughter.
When I get inside...
Hey hey hey!
There she comes!
Look at her!
She's beautiful, isn't she?
Great wife material!
Are you okay?
I'm so sorry.
Can I take my crab back?
What do you mean are you okay?
- Don't you look at where you're going?
- I'm sorry.
How can you throw a whole crab in her face?
I'm sorry.
- What's the matter?
- I dropped food on the customer.
- Did you apologize?
- I did.
Then why is he being so difficult?
Oh my gosh!
You staff dropped food on us,
and you're having such an attitude?
I got an earful before a mouthful.
So annoying! Let's go!
Go about your own business.
She already apologized. It's not like
she meant to do it. Why so difficult?
Your style of apologizing is more
like attacking.
Why are you such an ass?
She apologized politely,
what more do you want?
What's with all the noises?
Since you're here Liem,
take care of this for me,
they're disrupting public order.
You're the one disrupting things.
You gotta leave a pathway for people!
Oh, sorry.
Let's go! I'm so mad.
We'll never ever come here again.
It's fine sir.
It's just two bowls, don't make it
a big deal.
I believe I was polite.
Mrs., please give me some thoughts.
No thoughts asshole!
- Go away!
- What?
[March]
When?
I didn't deliver to the wrong address,
yet you still refused to pay.
Now my husband have to open
all of them up.
Life is difficult enough for me,
please be a polite buyer.
Please pay for your orders, it's unethical
otherwise.
When did you take that one?
A while ago.
Why didn't you tell me?
I didn't know your cards.
That's cheating, I don't wanna play
anymore.
Don't be like that!
I got a pimple!
Should I go to your birthday party?
But I'm so ugly, what do I do?
Can you please stop scratching
while I'm streaming?
It's itchy.
I wasn't cheating.
Nope!
- It's dinner time mom.
- Yeah it's my dinner time.
Finish the round.
Nah, this household has dinner
at 7pm sharp.
These are going on clearance sale.
Please buy it for me.
- Nhuan, come here.
- Are you guys done?
Imma smash that phone.
Go get the eggs for me.
My mom is mad now.
I gotta end the stream.
Where did you get these?
Nhi made them, she said they'd look good
for dinner.
Good? Looks like we bought
second-hand bowls.
Switch back to the white ones.
Got it.
I'm leaving now.
Huh? Introduce me to who?
Just wait til I get there.
Leaving now. Hanging up. Bye.
Call Nhi for dinner.
Why isn't she here yet?
She's coming.
Grandma, mom, I'm off to
a birthday party.
Whose birthday is it today?
My friend Lan.
Why didn't you tell me
you're going?
I did, I told you last week.
You said I have to ask for permission
a week in advance.
That was last week.
You gotta remind me this week.
How can I remember?
So what now?
Have dinner then go.
Have dinner before going to a party?
She'd be full before having anything.
It's none of your business.
Your boss is right. Just have dinner.
Please enjoy your meal.
Okay, you can eat first.
Thank you.
Don't fight it.
No one can change the rules
in this household.
Change your shirt after having dinner.
It's a bit revealing on your chest.
This is revealing?
Can't you see?
- Sorry.
- Oh?
Oh, Quynh!
Nhi! Lan's in here.
- Lan's in here.
- Okay.
Excuse me, excuse me.
Lan! Lan! Nhi's here.
Hey!
Going to church?
You look like a nun...
Who makes the miracle I'm here.
Happy birthday!
Hey!
What are you doing
in front of my house?
I'm looking for you.
Why?
You were grumpy this morning.
Here's some hot sweet soup
to cool you down.
You think that makes sense?
Green beans! They'll cool you down.
Why do you keep giving me sweet soup?
We're living in the same building,
figured I'd practice taking care of you.
But hey...
You gotta tidy up your
restaurant set up.
People are complaining, it's hard for me
being in the middle.
Your house is one floor,
not the whole building.
I got it.
Stop giving me sweet soup though.
- Why?
- People will talk.
What's there to talk about?
My sweet soup smells really nice.
- Smell it!
- It stinks!
- How can it be stinky?
- My garbage.
- I was gonna take it out. Hang on!
- Nu!
Take the sweet soup, I'll take the garbage.
- But why?
- I'll take it out for you.
Thank you.
But hey, I mean...
Too fast, too furious.
How are you two still a couple?
Six years, still happy.
They keep saying I've broken up,
but we're still in love
to spite them.
I'd think you're the slutty kind.
You're neither funny nor charmy.
What's your secret?
Don't underestimate him,
we do it once everyday,
three times on a good day,
once every three days on a bad day,
but never go without it!
- Stop!
- Open your eyes!
Be satisfied!
Open your eyes and look!
Enjoy it!
I'm done. Go dance.
Please excuse me.
Why don't you go dance?
It's my pleasure to dance with you.
What for?
Okay, I'll do it myself.
Why did you invite him?
He used to hit on me, now it's
embarrassing to meet him.
Remember I said I'll introduce
you to someone?
- Don't tell me it's him.
- No way.
His friend.
He didn't want to come alone,
that's what I invite Quynh for.
Who is it?
Tall, football, the guy who has them all,
my cousin, a struggling Viet Kieu
who just came back to Vietnam.
Wow that sounds promising!
Of course it is!
Nhi! To the left!
- What?
- To the left!
Sorry John! I was dancing!
Clumsy idiot!
Happy birthday Lan!
Thank you!
Cheer up everyone!
Let me introduce you to
Nhi, my friend.
Nhi, this is my cousin.
Viet Kieu.
Hello. I'm John.
Hello.
That hurts.
Piss off.
Get out of here!
Your calves are stiff as tree logs.
You scream when I go light,
and yell when I go hard.
No idea how to please you.
Any problems?
Working out grandma?
You're sneaking out to drink, aren't you?
Absolutely not.
My wife's friend is pregnant.
I mean, my friend's wife is pregnant.
He asked me to come give a hand.
Liar.
I have 5 bucks here, you can
use it for gambling.
Do not ever do this to me.
- I'm sorry.
- Just this time.
I mean men should drink with his friends.
- Now you can go.
- Thank you.
Undo your hair! Who would hit
on you if you wear braids?
My mom will kill me.
- Who gives a shit?
- What?
I mean it's gonna be okay.
You gotta lure this cool dude first.
- No!
- Do it!
No! No! No!
They got hooked faster than I thought.
That's normal.
What a bitch!
- Really?
- Just like me.
Let's take a selfie!
Kiss me!
- I'm sorry.
- It's okay.
But you were such a good dancer.
I was just bouncing,
you're better.
- I made the dances up.
- I like that.
Really?
What do you do for a living?
- I'm a designer.
- Cool.
- What about you?
- I'm an architect.
Amazing!
Can I get your phone number?
- I don't think so.
- Why?
Why didn't you pick up my calls?
I left my phone in the purse,
didn't hear it.
Did you consume alcohol?
Just a little bit while being out
with friends.
Have you asked me for permission?
I did, just a sip for her birthday.
You're a girl and you're drinking?
Alcohol is just another drink,
not as serious as you made it
out to be.
So I gotta wait until she's
as drunk as you?
You're her brother in law,
she's learning from you.
That's nonsense mom.
My husband is drunk on his own,
and she just grew up to be naughty,
- they're unrelated!
- Of course they're related.
You're her sister.
You're the idol she looks up to, no?
- Hey, hey.
- You go against my will to marry
- this loser who drinks all day.
- It's not your business, go home.
- Yes, mr. Liem.
- Go home.
- Is that not enough for you?
- Yes.
- You're being unreasonable!
- Weirdo.
- Unreasonable?
- And you too.
- Now that you're making money,
- It's too late, go home and sleep.
what you say is right.
You'd go there? Fine, I lose.
See that?
She yells at me because of you.
From now on you have to to tell me
where you're going.
No more birthday parties.
No more friends named Lan.
Anyone with an L initial is forbidden.
L stands for lusty.
If this ever happens again
I'll kill myself.
What?
Can you lower your volume
when yelling at her?
The neighbors are complaining,
plus you gotta keep her face too.
Got it. I'll speak softer.
So "soft".
Go to your room
or stay here til she kills somebody?
Move!
Who would dare to kill your husband?
He's the king.
I'm not a king, I'm just...
A bastard.
People yelling, we keep silent.
- When they're burning, we keep frozen.
- Shut up and go inside.
Fart again? Damn you.
Go to your room.
You're throwing up too?
You clean that up yourself,
I won't do it.
Get the hell out of here.
Damn you Nhuan!
I made you some warm milk,
drink it then go to sleep.
Don't do that again, okay?
I know you don't like getting yelled at.
Move your butt in.
It's better for your spine.
It's difficult to have daughters.
[I had fun dancing with you]
[Didn't think you're such a weirdo!]
[Nice to know you.
Let's meet again some time.]
Mom, what are you doing?
Talking to your bae, aren't you?
- No I'm not.
- Yes you are.
You were in there for hours.
No I'm not.
You are.
You've been dreamy ever since
you got back from the States.
Put your love aside.
Focus on work, help me manage
the factories.
We have nothing but money.
You can have all the wives you want.
What did you say?
I said he can have all the lives he wants.
Okay? Help me please!
Dad! What the heck!
Why is he pooping again?
Phu Nhuan.
Nhi's brother in law.
He's dull.
Everyone just walks all over him.
She's got a big mouth!
Ngoc Nhu, whitening cream queen.
She's making money so
she's got an attitude.
Ngoc Nga.
Grandma.
I'm still working on her, not sure
which side of the spectrum she's on.
And that!
The final Boss you have to conquer.
Ngoc Nhi's mom.
Ngoc Nu!
You know her family so well!
Of course, I had a crush on Nhi.
I stood no chance, so I'll let you.
I did my research.
- Thanks bud!
- Accepted!
Either way, you stand no chance.
Her mom is difficult!
She's been so difficult and
full of hatred,
ever since Nhu married Nhuan.
You have no idea who she is.
She was born difficult.
That's just the way she is.
Wait, who are you?
Just a Youtuber.
But I camp here long enough
to know every news.
You really do?
Like a family member.
Let me tell you.
Mrs. Nu's husband dumped her,
so she hated men.
She was strict then.
Then Nhu got married,
she got even stricter.
Nhuan is really useless for a man,
so dependent on his woman.
And she hates him publicly.
When Nhu married him,
she fought with her mom
to the brink of disowning.
They still have a rough relationship.
Nhi is now her hope and pride.
She cherishes her like a flower.
So she watches her closely.
Any dude hitting on her, oh my...
she'd drench him in her soup.
She's got the mentality of a cheater hater,
me against the whole wide world.
Red Fairy Li Mochou.
So?
You still good?
I'll handle it.
You better handle yourself.
Hey John John John!
- To the left!
- What?
To the left!
Get a seat dude. Clear the way!
Go get their orders!
What are you looking at? Sit down.
Did you see that? Did you see that?
I said I can handle this.
And I can see it. Good luck!
Hey!
Who are you guys looking at?
Why are you soliciting?
Is your crush in here?
- Liar!
- You have a crush on me?
Someone must have told you.
Damn these young kids!
Be careful Nhi, a lot of
dudes have eyes on you.
Let me take this.
You go give mom a hand.
Be careful! They're dangerous!
You are fearless.
Don't come here again.
I'd die if someone find out.
Talking to a dude?
Yes ma'am, have a good night.
I'll visit you.
What dude? My teacher.
Teacher or gangster?
What?
I can tell it in your eyes.
Be careful.
Your teacher is so handsome!
Grandma!
I'm old, you can't hide things from me.
You were talking to the dude
that was at the restaurant, weren't you?
I don't know him.
Then why did he look at you?
Who wouldn't look at me when I'm this cute?
But why did you look at him?
Huh?
Answer me!
It's nothing mom.
Hello!
What's up dude?
- Is this Lan?
- Yes. Wait?
I forbid you to hang out with my daughter.
What kind of friend are you?
You talked her into drinking,
then you introduced your cousin to her?
Tell him to stay away from her.
He's a douchebag.
I know that just from his face.
How dare he come to my house and
hit on her in front of me?
Don't provoke me.
Once I've decided, there's no turning back.
Remember that!
And you, you must ask for permission
everywhere you go.
You will not go out alone ever again.
Stop crying!
Here you go! Thank you.
Okay.
- Nhi!
- Yes?
Smile.
- What's that for?
- Report to your mom.
Damn!
Gotta abide by the rules,
or she'll kill me.
- Brother!
- What? What do you want?
Want a deal?
Want a deal? Or want me to be killed?
No.
I mean let's help each other out.
I know you're only drinking
to have some fun with your friends.
But my sister seems to be
too harsh on you.
Do you want someone
to open the door for you,
every night when you come home?
No, I don't.
Thank you brother in law.
No I'm not.
Be back on time.
Don't just leave.
Thanh? Yeah!
Wanna grab a drink tonight?
Same place.
How do you know I like these places?
I'm John.
Chubby Piggy, here's your cream.
What an occasion!
Cheers!
- I gotta go.
- Okay.
- Coffee?
- Following the protocol.
Hang on! Wait a minute!
Okay okay, it's coming.
Two bowls!
Less sweet next time, John.
Okay brother.
[I brought Nhi to skool!]
- You got a table?
- Come on in.
Go get their orders!
Same place tonight.
Grandma!
I'll give you one incense stick time.
Don't just leave.
Thank you grandma.
Namo Amitabud.
I'm here, I'm here.
Traffic was crazy.
- Your helmet!
- I forgot.
My bad my bad!
- We had fun because of you.
- Damn your fun!
- Your happiness is my worriness.
- Bye bye.
Bye brother in law!
- Hello Nhi!
- Hi!
- You're really pretty today!
- Thank you!
- Hi Nhuan!
- Yes, go to work?
I'm home, mom.
- Get change then come over for fruits.
- Yes.
- Ooh mango!
- Wait for grandma!
We're in the international
trading business,
yet you're dating a crab noodle girl.
So foolish of you!
What's wrong with that?
I don't like that family.
So rude!
If you keep dating her
I'll mess everything up.
Why did you cook crab noodle?
Lost my appetite!
He finished it though.
Weirdo!
Why did he take it out on me?
- No clue.
- Let him be!
I still like crab noodle.
But I don't like your girl.
Mom, listen to me.
No need to talk, keep eating.
So pretty!
You know everything.
I'm John.
It's amazing that you found this kind
of place in the middle of Saigon.
Just like I found you amongst the
7 billions people on this planet.
So cheesy!
Cheesy aside, don't you agree that,
these are the things you were imagining?
That's right.
This might make me look bad...
Give birth to me, my parents.
Understand me, my John.
Sorry, sorry.
Wow they're amazing!
Look at this!
Where else in Saigon
can you find these things?
If I have money,
I'd open a place just like this.
- Do you like it?
- Of course.
Let's do it then. We'll do it together.
You're crazy!
You think I have that kind of money?
No, I'm serious.
How can you say you're serious?
Do you need a slap to be waken up?
I'm serious about
planning to open a cafe like this,
with you.
I know you like it too,
don't you?
For real? Stop joking around!
I'm serious.
- Thank you!
- Thank you.
I studied architecture in the States,
you like pottery.
We both like this style.
If I ever told my parents,
they would definitely say...
- Cafe?
- Yeah.
I think you should focus on
international trading.
Ever since I met you,
we both know the values of
these things, right?
- Right.
- But our parents don't.
Mom!
I also think you should work in
international trading.
Anything that the youth wants,
the adults always view as nonsense.
- Yep!
- But they don't know that,
- they're not understanding us.
- Yes!
See?
I wish you were my mom!
What?
No, because...
I mean...
I wish my mom could understand me
like you do.
Mom always looks down on
the things that I do.
What is this?
Orange juice.
It goes for a dollar on the street,
4 dollars here,
and 8 dollars at the airport.
The value of a thing lies on
where it was placed.
I don't get it.
I know your dreams are not silly at all.
You just need a partner.
We will open a cafe like this,
without being dependent on anyone.
And we will succeed.
Trust me!
Thank you John.
[April]
Nhuan! I need to borrow your arm!
Here, just look at my texture,
then we'll talk.
Just leave your phone number...
- You lose, drink it, 100%.
- Okay, I'm loser.
- Ooh that's good.
- Keep the whole thing.
- It's really good.
- Keep it.
Thanks brother.
[June]
Here's 5 bucks for you.
I don't like this, but I'll take it.
Thank you grandma.
Cheers!
You are the best.
You can cook,
you can make money,
a great husband,
a good son-in-law,
you're good at everything.
Where can you find another you?
What more does Nhu want from you?
Isn't that right?
Absolutely!
She's so mean.
She needs to know her place.
Hey!
Don't say that.
You guys know me well.
I wear the pants at home.
Then how come she keep
forbidding you to go out?
That's entirely up to me.
Some times you need to
keep the order in your family,
so you gotta make sacrifices.
No one can stop me if
I wanna go.
I can control my wife
with a snap, really.
Let's drink to that snapping thing!
Hang on, I forgot my phone
in the bathroom.
- Looking for this?
- Oh thank you.
How did you know?
'Cause you left it at home.
No, listen to us.
Bastard! Asshole!
Mom! Mom! Mom!
- Mom!
- Bastard!
I was right to hate you.
I only ask you to do one thing,
and you still manage to
disappoint me.
She's young and dumb so
I'll let it go.
But you're old enough,
and still you aided her,
pushing her to date that dude.
Are you trying to harm this family?
That's enough mom!
Focus on the wrong doing here.
Why are you saying he's harming us?
What has he done?
He's corrupting your sister,
- and you're picking his side?
- Shut up!
Why did shut me up?
I meant Nhu.
Your husband is clearly in the wrong,
and you're on his side?
Tell me.
Why did you do things
behind my back?
No, I mean, if I didn't help her,
she can still sneak out to see him.
Shut up!
You have no right to talk right now.
Are you trying to provoke her?
I'm only saying the truth.
Let me ask you. The kid seems okay,
he's handsome, his family is nice,
she's old enough to have a boyfriend,
why are you forbidding her?
Who said you can talk?
Are you trying to teach me?
I'm not, but I think it's true.
Shut up.
- Grandma told you to shut up.
- I meant your mom.
But why?
I think Nhuan is right.
The kid is handsome, just let her be.
You're sabotaging what I'm
trying to teach her.
Now!
You!
Tell me.
Nhuan took you to school,
then did you actually go to classes?
You went out with him, didn't you?
Speak!
The show must go on...
Hello.
I'm actually in a family fight,
I'll call you back.
Thank you ladies and gentlemen
for coming to the grand opening of
our 7th factory.
Starting today,
my son will manage this factory
on behalf of the family.
I hope you all can support him.
Thank you all for being here this morning.
You bastard!
What the heck?
What? Oh my! Oh my gosh!
How handsome how rich you are!
You're handsome enough to
impregnant my daughter?
Mrs! Calm down!
Calm down my ass!
Let go of me!
Why? Why?
Why did you do that?
- What is it?
- Why did you do that?
How can you do that to my sister?
How?
- You bastard!
- Are you ok?
- He made my daughter pregnant.
- He impregnated her.
You're just an ass behind
a pretty cover.
How could you betray my trust?
You should watch your back!
Be careful when you go out!
This is not over yet.
Bastard!
Fortunately again I was here
to send to you this significant news.
Dai Phat's owner's son
impregnated Mrs. Nu's daughter.
Are you getting shocked?
- Shoc...
- What's shocking?
I'm reporting...
Report what? What's the good news
to report?
- No, please give me my tool back.
- Give you what?
At least you warn me first,
you can't take my tools.
You gotta know what you should
or shouldn't record.
I'll learn. No, my phone!
Look at this.
It's all over the internet.
Are you happy now?
This kid made her pregnant.
I've been working so hard
through all these years
to build my reputation, and now
I get yelled at by a bitch
in front of everyone.
Are you happy now?
- That was her mom, not her.
- Shut up!
This is all your fault.
If you didn't sleep with her
and give her a baby,
she wouldn't have a chance
to scream in my face like that.
Why are you dating such a low-life?
Huh?
Tomorrow,
go back to the States.
I don't want to.
You have no stand to
negotiate with me.
What should we do
with the pregnant girl?
I'll take the baby.
Or give them money and they'll go away.
That's all they're messing for.
Dad!
Don't say that about her family.
Oh my!
What?
What are you gonna do?
Hit me?
Go ahead!
Jerk.
Thang.
Book a ticket for John
to go back to LA.
The earliest flight.
Don't look at me like that.
I won't take your side.
You're so wrong.
Do as your dad said.
We'll handle her family.
Why did you do this?
How can you do this to me?
What do you want?
Please let me move out.
Do I treat you that bad?
Yes.
- Very.
- What did I do?
I've never been allowed to do
what I want in this family.
Dating is obviously out of the question,
but my career, my major,
or my clothes,
you even control me from keeping my nails.
I'm like a doll in your hands.
So you can do what ever you want to it.
I'm living your dreams for you.
I've never had you do anything.
I asked you to help with the restaurant,
so you can see how hard I work.
So you could carry the torch.
If you didn't like that then
go to the university.
Be a banker.
There are obviously
two ways for you to pick.
Will potteries give you money?
I told you to stop,
you said I'm forbidding your career.
Keep you from dating the douchebags,
you said I'm interfering with your love.
What exactly do you want me to do for you?
I know you've done plenty for me.
But why aren't you doing
the things I really need?
What do you need?
I need to live like a normal person.
To do what I like,
to study what I want.
I've never liked
Financial And Banking University
even for a day.
I did it for you.
Why don't you let me pick?
So I can fight for it,
I might fail but that's okay,
why are you protecting me?
Every parents want their kids
to be successful.
And you're forcing me to let you fail.
What does that even mean?
Because it's a human's right
to experience failure.
I'd rather fail in my dream,
than succeed in yours.
Okay.
You did it.
I'm experiencing failure.
Spent all those years raising you
and now you're pregnant out of wedlock.
I failed!
Why?
Why did you do that?
Tell me.
Mom, calm down.
Are you a mute now?
I asked why did you do that?
Because I wanted to.
I want to move out.
Then leave now.
Leave!
I'm sorry.
Hey!
Nhi! Apologize!
Are you insane?
Nhu!
- Let her go.
- Mom!
Anyone that tries to stop her
will be disowned.
Let her go.
Oh my gosh!
Go talk to her.
Calm the hell down!
You seem so eager on being homeless!
Do you care how my fate's gonna be
after you left?
This is not your fault.
Absolutely not.
However you gotta calm down.
Calm the hell down.
She's your mom.
You just shut up when she's raging,
- she'll calm down eventually.
- Here goes your pottery!
Here goes your dream!
And your career!
Here's to being "mature".
You think you're an adult?
You think you can do anything?
I don't wanna suffer like you
in this house.
I'll destroy them all.
You're crying?
Did she yell at you again?
Why does she keep doing that?
What is it today?
Good bye Mr. Liem.
Nhi! Nhi!
Nhi!
Wait up!
Stop!
Chasing you almost kills me.
Take it.
What is it?
You can't run away with no money.
I did it, so I know.
Life is cruel.
Here's the money.
Take it.
Come back when you're out.
Don't just leave.
Here you go.
Grandma!
Watch your health!
I know.
Stop gambling!
Fuck you.
Why didn't you stop her?
This day is bound to come
between the two of them.
Let them be, they're old enough.
They've got to work it out.
You're a vicious woman.
I don't wanna live with you anymore.
I want a divorce!
Why are you treating us like this?
Why are you leaving?
What did I ever do?
Stop crying.
Get used to it.
[I ran away.]
[I'm at the bus stop near the school.
Can you pick me up?]
[Wait for me]
Leaving the house means you're
going against me.
The number you dialed is not in service.
Please call...
The number you dialed...
...please call again later.
Nhi!
I'm sorry.
Pay for the ride.
- What?
- Pay for your ride.
Who's that?
What are the two of you doing here?
- We ran away!
- What?
- Only 500 bucks per month.
- This is okay.
Isn't it reasonable?
But that's not all.
This is beautiful!
Make way!
Wait! This is yours! And yours!
I worked so hard to find this place.
Clean the house!
With everything that we have prepared,
we were ready
to start an independent life.
The cafe will succeed.
I trust you.
You're John.
Of course! Thank you for introducing Manh.
Everyone, here's object of the day.
- How long do we have?
- Three days.
This is the first time I get to
do what I like.
To choose the person I love.
All I want for my life...
was just that simple.
John!
I cooked you lunch.
I know you were tired
so I wanted to treat you.
- Thank you baby!
- You should eat!
I just wish mom could understand...
Why are you running away?
Here's the sweet soup.
Why do you keep giving me
green beans?
I know you're sick of it,
so it's aloe my dear.
Aloe has a smell.
- I don't like it.
- I know.
So I cooked it with green beans.
Enjoy!
Oh there's this one thing.
I've been wanting to tell you.
About Nhi.
Don't think I'm too nosy.
Just let her fall in love normally,
then she'll break up normally.
She got it so far just because
you got it so hard.
You're bound to fall in love
when you're young.
It's not like you're gonna marry
your first love!
No one can be faithful forever.
Except me.
Okay, forget it.
[September]
Sir, your card balance is not
enough to pay.
Please check it over.
I did check a few times.
You're leaving your parents
for a crab noodle girl,
do you think it's worth it?
Here comes food!
We were just talking about you.
- Prepare the food please.
- Okay.
You guys start first, I'll go
wash my face.
Babe, why is it this beef
and not the wagyu?
Maybe I picked up the wrong one.
Why is there only one clam tray?
- I bought a few.
- No, there's only one.
Look.
Must have fallen out then.
Fallen out?
- I'll go get more then.
- No need.
You took more than an hour,
to buy these things?
You've been strange recently.
Your whereabouts are mysterious.
Tell me the truth.
Where have you been?
Why do you ask me like that?
I only went to get food
and you get jealous? Seriously?
Why are you grumpy?
Did I say anything wrong?
I only asked you for two things.
You got the wrong beef,
then "dropped" the clam tray.
Are the clam trays that light?
They can be dropped without you knowing?
Now you ask me to believe
that silly excuse?
Come on.
- Isn't that right?
- Let it go.
How can you ask me not to
doubt you when your story is so nonsense?
I'm definitely broke.
I couldn't afford wagyu beef,
so I lied that I got the wrong one, okay?
One hangs out with friends at home,
waits for food.
While one runs out of money
without understanding from the other.
Have you ever thought about
how much I have left?
John!
Money is a sensitive subject!
How could I know how much
you have left?
Just tell me rather than
being that stupidly angry.
I'm not angry.
I'm frustrated!
This is our life.
But all you've ever done
was enjoying it.
And all I have to do
is to face all the difficulties
out there.
You better pick up a job
instead of a fight.
John.
Carry the baby!
Then I'll go get a job.
Why are you taking this out on me,
while you were the one who said
I should stay home and rest,
don't do anything.
Now you're saying the opposite?
You got a great excuse.
Always the baby.
There's no point in arguing with you.
Okay.
You win.
John! John!
- John!
- Dat!
Let him be.
He's been quiet combative recently.
Let's eat.
Nhi, why are you so aggressive?
He's probably in a bad mood
because he ran out of money.
This is not the first time.
Just like any other couple,
our love starts to face stupid
problems of the youth.
Each person only cares about
what they're doing,
rather than the feelings
of the other person.
How's hugging Mr. Manh's sister?
This is for business.
You shouldn't be jealous babe.
No you looked happy here.
And when the problems have
built up long enough,
people won't even bother explaining things.
What's that attitude?
You're leaving now?
Nhuan! Can't you hear me?
At Nhu's age,
she can't even figure out her problems.
Let alone us,
the twenty-something young adults.
Combative,
insensitive,
then upset each other
over stupid things.
Don't ever talk to me
if you call him.
Where did you get this money?
I saved up.
Where did you get money to save?
Did you steal from me?
Nhu, watch your mouth.
Sometimes,
during the heat,
we become overbearing
like a habit.
So much so that...
we ourselves can't even realize it.
- Can't you hear me?
- Let go of me.
Have some boundaries.
Listen to me, Nhuan!
In a relationship,
it's hard when
no one's right,
and no one's wrong.
We only have different perspectives.
And then
there's no sympathy.
Then we slowly grow apart.
You can't leave me now.
I've put all the money in,
construction already started,
saying that now is like killing me.
Listen to...
Hey!
Damn it.
Fuck!
[October]
A sad afternoon at the
Thu Duc crab noodle restaurant.
It's Le Minh Ho again.
Look, it's quite empty here.
Let's get closer to see
what happened.
Let's go.
I almost got run over,
but that's okay,
here here, have a look.
See?
Not a whole lot of people,
the crab pile is big,
and the pork is even bigger.
From now on, the boss
will no longer yell at the customers.
Why?
- There's no customer to yell at.
- Son of a bitch!
- Go away!
- She just swore at my mom.
There's no reason for you
to record here.
It's you who scared my customers away.
- Go away!
- Has she called recently?
- Hello.
- Hello Nhu.
Forgot how to use a phone?
How's grandma and mom?
Grandma's fine.
Mom's sick,
you should visit her.
Is that so?
But...
Can you lend me a thousand bucks?
What have you been doing
that now you have to borrow from me?
Answer me.
How's your baby?
I'm six months along.
Where's the baby father?
Let's talk about it later.
Just lend me some.
My sales has been so slow.
I'll try to send half by
the end of the month.
Listen,
it wouldn't kill you to
come home and apologize.
You two are exactly the same.
Just send me the money when you can.
Thank you.
Hey! Hey!
- This kid!
- What did she say?
Ran away with that dude
and now she's borrowing money.
What now?
Oh Anh? Sorry, I thought you were
my sister.
What?
My husband what?
Nhuan!
You look happy, don't you?
Who are you? Let go!
Nhu, stop.
Let me go!
You're picking her side?
Come on, come on!
Calm down ladies!
Let her go!
- Dinner yet?
- Already!
Hey Quynh.
The dudes that partnered with me
just dropped out.
Can you lend me 50 thousand bucks?
You're talking about 50 grands man.
I've told you from the beginning,
they don't look reliable,
- and you still trusted them.
- I know.
Can you grab me a band-aid John?
It's in the drawer by the fish,
can you grab it yourself?
- I'm on the phone.
- I'm in pain, get it for me please.
I'll call you back.
It's here, it's right here.
I said I was on the phone.
Can't you see I'm bleeding?
I'm carrying a baby too,
how can I go get it?
Is it that difficult to
get me a band-aid?
Fine, I'm sorry.
I've never seen such a
petty man.
I didn't think you're still angry about
that hot pot thing.
Bickering over a tiny band-aid.
Hey!
We've cleared that.
I'm not mad at you.
I'm not that petty.
I didn't grab it for you
because I was on the phone.
I was working on my thing.
Why are you picking a fight
over a band-aid?
What's wrong with you?
Don't you think that's too much?
John, you've changed.
Once people fell out of love,
nothing is important anymore.
How can I be as important
as your phone call with a friend?
Let me see.
Nhi!
Me changing is not the problem,
the problem is you're
refusing to change.
What do you do? Nothing.
I'm working everyday to make money,
what more do you want?
I put over 50 thousands bucks
in that cafe,
and my partners just dropped.
Where am I getting the money
to finish that now?
You don't care about those things,
you only want to pick fights
over a band-aid,
what's wrong with you?
The problem is not the band-aid.
It's your attitude towards me.
You've made all the decisions,
I quit my job because you asked me to.
You said you'll take care of me.
Because you're John.
And now you're talking like I'm
an ungrateful parasite.
You wanted to take care of everything.
Now that you can't handle it,
you said I don't care about you?
How could I know if you keep
keeping your mouth shut?
If you wanted to know, you'd know.
You'll find out anything you wanna know.
You even know how many photos
there are on a tiny phone.
Okay, I'm insane.
Only an insane person would
leave her home,
her family,
to give you all the money she has.
How much did you give?
Almost 1500 bucks.
And you're comparing that to
50 thousand dollars?
Doesn't that sound ridiculous to you?
It's ridiculous because to you,
it's just 1500 bucks.
But if you consider it's every single cent
I've saved,
even all my grandma
gave me when I ran away with you,
you wouldn't be laughing.
I'm always the fight-picker
in your eyes.
But those are just silly things
any girl would do,
to seek some attention
from her man.
I can see you're stressed from work.
But I'm pregnant.
I'm stressed too.
My hormones changed,
I'm easily depressed.
And that's what you can't see.
Bastard! Answer me.
How can you treat me like that?
How long have you been with her?
Say it!
- I don't...
- You don't need to say a thing.
You had an affair and
now what're you gonna say?
I caught you red-handed and
you're denying it?
- I'm not denying.
- Then you don't need to say anything.
I know exactly what you wanna say
anytime you open your mouth.
Grandma, do you know who she was?
She's my customer.
The little slutty Chubby Piggy.
That bitch!
I've had my suspicion. She'd always take
your side when I yell at you on stream.
I've been treating her like a VIP.
Sending my own husband to
deliver her orders.
She got the packages and
got my husband too, isn't that neat?
Just perfect!
What now?
How are you gonna solve this?
You're dead to me
if you mess it up.
That was bad Nhuan.
Why did you cheat?
Can you let me divorce her?
I'm tired.
Oh my gosh!
What the hell did you just say?
You have to apologize.
Are you insane? What did you say?
You out of your mind?
Stop it!
How can he talk if
you won't shut up?
How aggressive you are!
Who did you learn that from?
It's all your fault.
You told me he loved you
with all that he had.
You picked him.
Now you have to take responsibility.
And you.
What's your relationship with her?
I wanna hear it from you.
We just started recently.
But...
Well...
Whatever.
Just let me stop this.
I don't want to live like this anymore.
What does she have that I don't?
What does she have that make you
treat me like this?
It's not because of what she has.
It's that I feel like a man
being with her.
What did I ever do that make you
don't feel like a man?
What did I do,
- tell me what I did.
- You're doing it now.
I don't really have a chance to
finish my sentences in this family.
You'd cut in to scream at me,
or she would.
There's nothing I can do
to please your family.
Excuse me.
I'm only helping out in the house
because I love the family.
I could've gotten a better job
anywhere else.
They'd pay me, maybe even more
than you are.
They'd respect me too.
Give me a reason to respect you.
What have you done to earn that respect?
You deliver your wife's packages,
then help at the restaurant,
then you get paid.
Then you go drinking!
Your life is so easy, can't you see that?
What do you want?
If you want to be respected,
you have to strive.
I do strive.
I do! I really do!
I do everyday.
Only you couldn't see.
You only look at people's weaknesses,
never the strength.
How can you say I'm not striving?
I have my bad traits, of course.
My stinky farts, my smelly body.
I made less money than you,
but at least I'm not stealing
from anyone.
And when I'm out to drink,
I just like being around friends,
to have a chat.
Because sometimes I get drunk,
and while I'm drunk,
I don't feel belittled.
You keep screaming at me
for no apparent reason.
No striving would ever be enough
for the two of you.
If I'm that bad of a man,
why don't you just find someone else?
And if they're that good of a man,
will they tolerate you?
Nhuan!
You're the cheater, you're in the wrong.
Why are you making it sound like
we're the ones at fault?
It's my fault, I know that.
I've been wanting to stop so many times.
I know I was wrong.
I told myself...
I'll call it quit with her,
and come home to my wife,
however...
everytime I come home...
you two just push me further.
I've really...
tried my best
not to let this happen.
I've tried.
Everyone is guilty...
Every single one.
But why do everyone think
they're the victims?
Nhuan, where are you going?
Nhuan! Nhuan!
I scream at you a lot but
I always take your side.
Why did you let it go this far that
I can't even try to be on your side?
Fine, I'm sorry.
You don't need to.
I have to take responsibility.
I regret believing that a douchebag
like you can bring me happiness.
Douchebag?
Then let this douchebag tell you this.
I kinda regret picking this life for you.
If you were more careful,
we would've been much better.
If we didn't have the baby,
and your mom didn't mess
everything up,
my life would have been much happier,
instead of working my ass off
and standing here arguing with you.
You chose the baby.
I don't even know how to be a father.
You mean I tricked you?
I mean you have total control
over this matter.
- If you didn't want...
- It's because I trusted you.
Son of a bitch!
I don't need your picking my side.
I need your respect.
I've saved up five ounces of gold.
I'll leave them for you and Nhu.
I'm sorry grandma.
It's all my fault.
I'm sorry mom.
- Sorry Nhu.
- Nhuan!
Do you have to take it this far?
That's the question I want
to ask you everyday.
You're being disrespectful.
Can you talk without smashing things?
Can you watch your mouth?
You're becoming your mother.
Shut the fuck up John!
I won't live with you anymore.
- You're a terrible person.
- Stop!
The more you speak,
the worse you get.
- Apologize to me.
- Apologize my ass!
Get the hell out of my life!
- Nhuan! Please!
- You don't have to stop him.
He's determined to leave,
why keep him?
Nhuan!
People fall in love to stay.
No one falls in love to leave.
There has to be a reason to leave.
Think it over mom.
Did you do anything to dad?
Or did he just leave?
Go away!
Okay. Fine.
Nhuan, please don't leave me,
I love you, Nhuan!
Please I'm begging you!
Nhuan!
You're a vicious woman.
I don't wanna live with you anymore.
I want a divorce.
You're a vicious woman.
I don't wanna live with you anymore.
I want a divorce.
In my mom's memory,
dad was the only one at fault.
And I believe that
that's all she could ever see.
She wouldn't understand that...
Sometimes...
- All dad needed was some compromise.
- Get out of my house.
It's kinda late now,
can we talk tomorrow?
No need to talk. Go sleep with your
friends if you like them that much.
You're over-reacting over nothing.
- Nothing? Nothing?
- Stop! Stop!
Mom wouldn't understand that...
A man
needs his wife's respect
in front of his peers.
You've got to listen to me
if you feel an ounce of shame.
Your time must be spent with
your family,
not with these useless beings.
Stand up! Let's go!
All the arguments
have the same starting points.
The conflict.
But a different destination,
depending on when you stop.
Mom doesn't know when to stop.
Enough!
Why do you keep nagging?
Just let finish my meal.
I have to nag to drill it
into your head.
You always listen to your friends,
they're more than your family.
Then you come home and get upset at
your wife and kids.
Such a big ego for being so damn useless!
If I'm that useless, why do you
stay with me?
When we're angry,
we can only see the problems
coming from the other person.
What do you think you're doing?
We can only see that
we're mistreated,
You can only bully me!
and forget all the basic kindness
the other person deserves.
You're a vicious woman.
I don't wanna live with you anymore.
I want a divorce.
Why are you leaving?
Nhuan, don't leave.
- Tell me the reason.
- I'm begging you, Nhuan.
I've never liked
Financial And Banking University
even for a day.
I did it for you.
Here's some sweet soup.
From Mr. Liem?
Yeah.
Where's Nhu?
She's sleeping.
We had such a big family,
now all scattered away.
Do you think I was wrong?
Tell me...
When was the last time you
apologize to someone?
Why didn't you stop me?
You wouldn't listen to me.
Stand up where you fell.
Don't make people do what you want.
Nothing is absolute.
Just circumstantial.
Baby!
Nhi!
Robbery!
Help! Anyone here?
Mom, mom!
Mom, please don't. Stop, please!
Why did you do that?
- Why did you kill my grandchild?
- Mom, please!
- Why?
- Mom!
- Why do you treat my daughter like that?
- Mom, please!
- My grandchild!
- Mom!
Do you know the difference between
school and the school of life?
At school,
we learn,
then we do the test.
[Months later]
In the school of life,
you do the test first,
then learn your own lessons.
You can't change someone's personality
just because you want to.
But they will change
after they experience
trauma.
It will help us realize lots of things.
...these girly styles are so sweet.
Ever since that day, they went
no contact.
Maybe Nhuan is somewhere...
Being happy.
Or unhappy.
Whether we're happy or not,
things keep moving.
- Mom, here you are.
- Thank you.
- See ya.
- Ok.
Bye bye, grandma.
Today, your daughter gave you milk tea,
so sweet.
Here you go.
So sweet! I love it!
- Do you want your hair like mine?
- I'm old, girls.
- Have the highlights then.
- Are you nuts?
They'll think I'm a crazy lady, girls.
Woman up! Try it!
No, thanks.
Gotta change up your style!
- Hey!
- Yes?
If I didn't forbid you and John,
would you have a baby with him?
Let bygones be bygones.
Maybe she's not saying it,
or maybe she will never say it.
But I know
she has something
she deeply wants to tell me.
I named the baby Ngoc Nhien.
Nhien means peaceful.
I hope it will be in a better place.
- Stop stop stop!
- Listen to me. All through the night!
And when you choose to be optimistic...
Excuse me, can I buy you a drink?
New things
will come to you.
Believe me, he's not straight.
- How about this one?
- Probably not either. He's got earrings!
She will talk me out of it anyway.
She won't change.
What changed here
is how she welcomes everything.
Some people
will try to stay by your side.
Not knowing what they
will get in return.
New bowls new bowls!
Where do you want them boss?
- Let Lan check them please.
- Okay.
Be careful! They're ceramics,
not metals.
I'll dock your pay.
And there are people that...
Lan.
To your left.
I know John is a good man.
He's trying so hard
to mend this relationship.
But sometimes,
things happened,
and kept us away from
falling in love again.
That's when you should be strong,
and let go of each other.
Give each other a chance
to meet someone...
more suitable.
Look at us.
We've both changed.
When we got together,
we were just kids trying to
prove ourselves.
We didn't know what we wanted.
And we didn't know what
each other wanted either.
Who's to blame?
I want to apologize to him so much.
I know I was wrong.
Can I hug you?
But I hope he understands.
I appreciate John,
for coming into my life,
to teach me the lessons
of maturity.
I see him as my family.
And I hope...
He would do the same.
Somehow,
this day has finally come.
Everyone, they're getting married.
Stop shooting!
Let me introduce
our bride Ngoc Nu.
- And our groom Van Liem.
- Hug me!
An applause for the bride and groom please!
In the end, she's the only happy one,
we're still lonely.
We're young, we can start over.
You're young, but I'm old.
Are you as old as me?
It's the ceremony, please be quiet.
She told you to shut up.
In this emotional moment,
I haven't said anything...
the bride must have had many things
to share with everyone.
Please.
You say it.
Ladies and gentlemen,
- toda...
- I'll do it.
Let me.
I used to be a selfish person.
I wanted things to go my way,
and I ignored the feelings
of the people around me.
I do love my family,
however,
I loved them the wrong way.
I made them sad.
Can you believe that,
I'm standing here,
being this old,
I have to learn how to love someone.
Nhi!
Nhu!
Thank you.
And...
I'm sorry.
My happiness,
was traded by your happiness.
It's getting to the good part,
stop shooting.
Mom!
I've never said this,
but...
I'm sorry.
And I want you to remember that
whatever happens,
you'll always be my mom,
and I love you.
We have to be happy, okay?
We will be happy.
Get the wine!
- Let's cheer!
- Cheers!
I never thought my mom
could open her heart someday
and choose to be loved again.
And we can all believe that
we will be able to find happiness
if we choose to move forward.
Nhi!
Are you free tomorrow?
What for?
- Let's go out for dinner.
- With Lan?
No, just us.
You accepted it?
You didn't hear it? Then forget it.
No.
Am I dreaming?
Ouch! That hurts!
It's real.
Thank you!
Grandma! She accepted it!
She accepted it!
I gave Quynh a chance,
and also gave myself a chance,
to keep experiencing life,
and grow as a person.
Just try.
Each of us
only has one life to live.